#Natural history: general and particular, by the Count de Buffon, translated into English. Illustrated with above 260 copper-plates, and occasional notes and observations by the translator. [pt.4] Histoire naturelle. English#

##Buffon, Georges Louis Leclerc, comte de, 1707-1788.##
Natural history: general and particular, by the Count de Buffon, translated into English. Illustrated with above 260 copper-plates, and occasional notes and observations by the translator. [pt.4]
Histoire naturelle. English
Buffon, Georges Louis Leclerc, comte de, 1707-1788.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/004/004880992.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/004/004880992.epub)

**Availability**

This keyboarded and encoded edition of the
	       work described above is co-owned by the institutions
	       providing financial support to the Early English Books
	       Online Text Creation Partnership. This Phase I text is
	       available for reuse, according to the terms of Creative
	       Commons 0 1.0 Universal. The text can be copied,
	       modified, distributed and performed, even for
	       commercial purposes, all without asking permission.


##Content Summary##

#####Front#####

1. CONTENTS.

1. ERRATA.

1. DIRECTIONS to the BINDER.

#####Body#####

1. NATURAL HISTORY.

    _ THE DOGThe dog has ſix cutting teeth and two canine in each jaw: He has five toes on the fore feet, and four, and often five, on the hind feet. His tail bends towards the left, a character common to the whole, and firſt obſerved by Linnaeus; Pennant, Synopſ. p. 141.CHARACT. GEN.—Dentes primores ſuperiores VI. laterales, longiores, diſtantes; intermedii lobati: Inferiores VI. laterales, lobati. Laniarii ſalitarii, incurvati. Molares VI. ſ. VII.—CHARACT. SPEC. Canis cauda ſiniſtrorſum recurvata; Linn. Syſt. 56. Linnaeus defines only the eleven following varieties of the dog.1. Domeſticus, auriculis erectis, cauda ſubtus lanata; the ſhepherd's dog.2. Sagax, auriculis pendulis, digito ſpurio ad tibias poſticas; the hound.3. Graius, magnitudine lupi, trunco curvato, roſtro attenuato; common grey-hound.4. Moloſſus, magnitudine lupi, labiis ad latera pendulis, corpore toroſo; the maſtiff.5. Aquaticus, pilo criſpo, longo, inſtar ovis; the water-dog.6. Meliteus, magnitudine ſciuri; the ſhock dog, or lap-dog.7. Fricator, naſo reſimo, auribus pendulis, corpore quadrato; the pug-dog?8. Vertagus, pedibus curvatis, trunco longo, ſaepius variegato; the tumbler.9. Acicularius, cauda truncata.10. Extrarius, auriculis longis, lanatis, pendulis.11. Egyptius, nudus abſque pilis; the Turkiſh dog..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

      * OF THE VARIETIES OF DOGS.

    _ THE CATThe cat has ſix cutting teeth, and two canine in each jaw; five toes before, and four behind; ſharp hooked claws, lodged in a ſheath, that may be exerted or drawn in at pleaſure; a round head, ſhort viſage, and rough tongue. The wild cat has long ſoft hair, of a yellowiſh white colour, mixed with grey; the grey is diſpoſed in ſtreaks, pointing downwards, and riſing from a duſky liſt, which runs from head to tail, along the middle of the back; the tail is marked with alternate bars of black and white, and its tip, and the hind part of the legs, are black. It is three times as large as the domeſtic cat, and very ſtrongly made; Pennant. ſynop. of quod. p. 183.Charact. gen. Dentes primores aequiales; molares terni. Lingua retrorſum aculeata. Ungues retractiles. Charact. ſpec. Felis catus, cauda elongata fuſco-annulata, corpore ſaſciis nigricantibus; dorſalibus longitudinalibus tribus; latealibus ſpiralibus; Lyn. ſyſt. nat. p. 62.Catus ſylveſtris; Geſner. quad. 325.Catus ſylveſtris; ferus vel feralis, eques arborum; Klein. quad. p. 75.Felix ex fuſco, flavicante, et albido, variegatis veſtita; cauda annulis alternatim nigris, et ex ſordide albo flavicantibus cincta; Briſſon. quad. 192..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ OF WILD ANIMALS.

    _ The STAG, or RED DEERThe deer kind have upright, ſolid, branched horns, which annually fall off; eight cutting teeth in the lower jaw, and none in the upper. The STAG has long, upright, rounded, and much branched horns: The brow antlers are ſlender and ſharp. The colour of the ſtag is generally a reddiſh brown, with ſome black about the face, and a black liſt runs down the hind part of the neck and between the ſhoulders. It grows to a large ſize; one killed in the county of Aberdeen weighed 18 ſtone Scots weight, or 314 lb. The horns of the American ſtag ſometimes weigh 30 lb. and are about four feet high. Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 49.The name of the ſtag in Greek is 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉, in Latin Cervus, in Italian Cervo; in Spaniſh Ciervo; in Portugueſe Veado; in German Hirſob; in Daniſh Hiort; in Swediſh Kron-hiort; in Dutch Hért; in Poliſh Jelijenii.Cervus, Geſner. Icon. animal. quad. p. 43. 44. Aldrov. quad. biſulc. p. 771. 774. Johnſt. hiſt. nat. p. 58. tab. 35. fig. 1. Charleton de differ. animal. p. 8. Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 84. Plinii lib. 8.CHARACT. GEN. Cervus, cornua ſolida, tenera, corio hirto tecta, apiceque creſcentia, denudata, annua. Dentes primores inferiores VIII. Laniarii nulli (interdum ſolitarii ſuperius). CHAR. SPEC. Cervus elaphus, cornibus ramoſis, teretibus, recurvatis. Linn. Syſt. nat. p. 93Cervus nobiiis, ramis teretibus, omnibus notus; Klein. quad. hiſt. nat. p. 23..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ THE FALLOW DEERThe horns of the fallow deer are palmated at their ends, and branched on the hinder ſide. It has two ſlender brow antlers, and above them two ſlender branches. The colour of this deer is various, being reddiſh, deep brown, white, or ſpotted.In Greek 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Dama; in Italian, Daino; in Spaniſh, Daino, Corza; in German, Dam-hirſch; in Swediſh, Dof, Dof-hiort; in Poliſh, Lanii.Euriceros AppianiPlatyceros Plinii.Dama vulgaris; Adrov. quad. biſulc. p. 741.Dama vulgaris ſ`ive recentiorum; Geſner. Icon. anim. quad. p. 51.Cervus platyceros; Raii ſynopſ. quad. p. 85.Cervus dama, cornibus ramoſis, recurvatis, compreſſis; ſummitate palmata; Lynn. ſyſt. nat. p. 93.Cervus palmatus, Dama-cervus; Klein. quad. hiſt, nat. p. 25..

    _ THE ROE DEERThe roe deer has ſtrong, upright, rugged, and trifurcated horns, from ſix to eight inches long. The length, from noſe to tail, is three feet nine inches; the height before, it two feet three inches; behind, two feet ſeven inches; the length of the tail is only one inch. The weight of a full grown buck is near 60 lb. The hair in ſummer is very ſhort and ſmooth. The ends of the hairs are of a deep red colour, and the bottoms of a dark grey. In winter, the hairs are very long, and hoary at the tips, except on the back, where they are often very dark. The legs are ſlender; and below the firſt joint of the hind legs there is a tuft of long hair. The rump, and under ſide of the tail are white; Pennant, Synopſ. of quad. p. 53.The name of the Roe deer in Greek is 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Capreolus, Capriolus; in Italian, Capriolo; in Spaniſh, Zorlito, Cabronzillo montes; in Portugueſe, Cabra montes; in German, Rehe; in Swediſh, Ra diur; in Daniſn, Raa-diur; in Scots, Roe-buck.Dorcas Ariſtotelis, Caprea Plinii.Capra, Capreolus, ſive Dorcas; Geſner. Icon. anim. quad. p. 64.Capriolus; Johnſton, Hiſt. anim. quad. tab. 33.Dorcas Scotiae perfamiliaris; Charleton de differentiis animal. p. 9. 12.Capreolus vulgo. Cervulus ſilveſtris ſeptentrionalis noſtras; Raii Synopſ. quad. p. 89.Cervus capreolus, cornibus ramoſis, teretibus, erectis; ſummitate bifida, Lynn. Syſt. Nat. p. 94.Cervus minimus, Capreolus, Cervulus, Caprea, cornibus brevibus, ramoſis, annuatim deciduis; Klein. quad. hiſt. nat. p, 24..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ THE HAREThe hare has two cutting teeth in each jaw; long ears; a ſhort tail; five toes before, and four behind. The ears are tipt with black; the eyes are large and prominent; the chin and whiſkers white; the hair on the face, back, and ſides, white at the bottom, black in the middle, and tipt with tawny red. The throat and breaſt are red, the belly white, and the tail black above, and white beneath. The feet are covered with hair, even at the bottom. A large hare weighs eight pounds and a half; its length, from the noſe to the tail, is two feet; Pennant's ſynopſ. of quad. p. 248.In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Lepus, quaſi Levipes; in Italian, Lepre; in Spaniſh, Leibre; in Portugueſe, Lebre; in German, Haſe; in Swediſh, Hare; in Dutch, Haſe; in Poliſh, Sajonz; in Ruſs, Zaitza; in Arabian, Ernab, Harneb, Arneph; in Turkiſh, Tauſan; in Perſic, Kargos; at Brazil, Thabiti; in North America, Soutanda.Lepus, Raii Synopſ. anim. quad. p. 204. Plinii, lib. 8. c. 55. Geſner, quad. p. 605.CHAR. GEN. Lepus, dentes primores II. ſuperiores duplicati; interioribus minoribus. CHAR. SPEC. Lepus timidus, cauda abreviata, auriculis apice nigris; Linn. Syſt. Nat. p. 77.Lepus vulgaris, cinereus, cujus venatio animum exhilarat; Klein. quad. hiſt. nat. p. 51.Lepus caudatus ex cireneo rufus; Briſſon. quad. p. 94..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ THE RABBITThe ears of the common rabbit are almoſt naked. The colour of the fur, in a wild ſtate, is brown; that of the tail is black above and white beneath. In a domeſtic ſtate, the colour varies from black to pied and perfectly white; the eyes of the laſt are of a fine red; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 251.In Greek 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Cuniculus; in Italian, Coniglio; in Spaniſh, Conejo; in Portugueſe, Coélho; in German, Kaninichen; in Swediſh, Kanin; in old French, Connin, Connil.Lepus vel Lepuſculus Hiſpanicus; Geſner. Icon. anim. quad. p. 105.Cuniculus, Raii Synopſ. quad. p. 205. Plinii, lib. 8. c. 55.CHAR. GEN. Dentes primores II. ſuperiores duplicati; interioribus minoribus.—CHAR. SPEC. Lepus cuniculus, cauda abbreviata, auriculis nudatis; Linn. Syſt. Nat. p. 251.Lepuſculus, cuniculus terram fodiens; Klein. quad. hiſt. nat. p. 52.Lepus caudatus pilis tenuiſſimis et longiſſimis toto corpore veſtitus; Briſſon. quad. p. 141..

    _ OF
CARNIVOROUS ANIMALS.

    _ THE WOLFThe wolf is ranked in the ſame genus with the dog by Linnaeus, and by Mr Pennant; the latter of whom deſcribes him in the following manner: 'WOLF—Dog with a long head, pointed noſe, ears erect and ſharp, tail long, buſhy, and bending down; teeth large; colour generally pale brown, tinged with yellow; ſometimes found white, and ſometimes black; taller than a large grey-hound.'In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Lupus; in Italian, Lupo; in Spaniſh, Lobo; in German, Wolff; in Swediſh, Ulf; in Poliſh, Wilk; in French, Le Loup.Lupus; Geſner. Icon. animal. quad. p. 79.Lupus; Ray, Synopſ. animal quad. p. 173.Canis, cauda incurvata; Linn. ſyſt. 58.Canis ex griſeo flaveſcens; Briſſon quad. p. 235.Lupus vulgaris; Klein. hiſt. nat. quad. p. 70..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ The BLACK WOLF.

    _ THE FOX'Dog with a ſharp noſe, lively hazel eyes, ſharp erect ears, body tawney red, mixed with aſh-colour; fore part of the legs black; tail long, ſtrait, buſhy, tipt with white; ſubject to much varieties in colour;' Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 152.In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Vulpes; in Italian, Volpe; in Spaniſh, Rapoſa; in German, Fuchſs; in Swediſh, Raef; in Poliſh, Liſzka; in French, Le Renard.Vulpes; Geſner. Icon. anim. quad. p. 88.Vulpes; Raii Synopſ. quad. p. 177.Canis vulpes, cauda erecta, apice nigro; Lyn. Syſt. Nat. p. 59.Vulpes vulgaris; Klein. quad p. 71.Canis fulvis, pileis cinereis intermixtis; Briſſon, regn. anim. p. 239..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ THE BADGERThe badger has ſix cutting teeth, and two canine in each jaw; five toes before, five behind, with very long ſtrait claws on the fore-feet; and a tranſverſe orifice between the tail and the anus—He has ſmall eyes, ſhort rounded ears, a ſhort thick neck, with noſe, chin, lower ſides of the cheeks, and middle of the forehead white; ears and eyes incloſed in a pyramidal bed of black; hairs on the body long and rude, their bottoms a yellowiſh white, middle black, ends aſh-coloured; throat, breaſt, belly, and legs black; tail covered with long hairs, coloured like thoſe of the body; legs very ſhort and thick; claws on the fore-feet very long; a foetid white matter exudes from the orifice beneath the tail; an animal of a very clumſy make; Pennant's ſynopſ. of quad. p. 201.In Latin, Meles, Taxus; in Italian, Taſſo; in Spaniſh, Taſugo, Texon; in German, Tachs, Dachs, Dar; in Swediſh, Graff••…; in Poliſh, Jazwicc, Borſuc, Kol-dziki, Zbik; in French, le Blaireau ou Taiſſon.Meles; Geſner, quad. p. 86.Taxus ſive Meles; Ray Synopſ. quod. p. 185.Urſus meles, cauda concolore, corpore ſupra cinereo, ſubtus nigro, faſcia longitudinali per oculos aureſque nigra; Linn. Syſt. Nat. p. 70.Meles pilis ex ſordidé albo et nigro variegatis veſtita, capite taeniis alternatim albis et nigris variegato; Briſſon Regn. animal. p. 253..

    _ THE OTTERThe otter has ſix cutting teeth, and two canine, in each jaw; five toes on each foot, each toe connected by a ſtrong membrane. He has ſhort ears, eyes placed near the noſe, thick lips, and large whiſkers. The whole colour of his body is of a deep brown, except two ſmall ſpots on each ſide of the noſe, and another below the chin: His legs are ſhort, thick, looſely joined to the body, capable of being brought to a line with the body, and of performing the part of fins: Each toe is connected to the other by a broad ſtrong web. His length is 23 inches, and that of the tail 16; Pennant, Synopſ. of quad. p. 238.In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Lutra, Lytra, Lutrix, Lutris; in Italian, Lodra, Lodria, Loutra; in Spaniſh, Nutria; in German, Fiſchotter; in Swediſh, Witter; in Poliſh, Wydra; in French, La Loutre.Lutra; Geſner. biſt. quad. p. 684. Icon. animal. quad. p. 85.Lutra; Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 187. Klein, quad. p. 91.Muſtela Lutra, plantis palmatis nudis, cauda corpore dimidio breviore; Linn. Syſt. p. 66.Lutra caſtanei caloris. Briſſon, Regn. anim. p. 277..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ THE MARTIN.This animal has broad rounded ears, lively eyes, a brown head, tinged with red; the body, ſides, and legs are covered with hair, aſh-coloured at the bottoms, bright cheſnut in the middle, and black at the tips; the throat and breaſt are white, and the belly deep brown; the tail is full of hair, and of a duſky colour; the feet are broad, and covered at bottom with thick down; the claws are white; and the length of the body is eighteen inches, and of the tail ten; Pennant. Synopſ. of quad. p. 215.In Latin, Martes domeſtica, Foyna, Gainus, Schiſmus; in Italian, Foina, Fouina; in German, Hukſs marder; in French, la Fouine.Martes domeſtica; Geſner. Icon. anim. quad. p. 97.Martes, aliis Foyna; Raii ſynopſ. quad. p. 200.Muſtela martes, pedibus fiſſis, corpore fulvo nigricante, gula pallida; Lynn. ſyſt. nat. p. 67.Martes ſaxorum non fagorum, ſeu domeſticus; Klein, quad. p. 64.Muſtela pilis in exortu albidis, caſtaneo colore terminatis, veſtita, gutture albo; Briſſon Regn. animal. p. 246.

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ The PINE-WEASEL, or YELLOW-BREASTED
MARTINWeaſel with a yellow breaſt and throat; the hair is of a dark cheſnut colour, and of far ſuperior fineneſs to the former; in other reſpects agreeing with it; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 216.In Latin, Martes, Marta, Marterus; in Italian, Marta, Martura, Martaro, Martorello, Martire; in Spaniſh, Marta; in German, Field marder, Wild-marder; in Swediſh, Mard; in French, La Marte.Martes ſylveſtris, martis altera ſpecies nobilior; Geſner. Icon. animal. quad. p. 99.Martes; Ray, Synopſ. animal. quad. p. 200.Muſtela martes; Klein. hiſt. nat. quad. p. 64..

    _ THE POLECATThe polecat has the ſpace round the mouth, and the tips of the ears white; the head, body, and legs, of a chocolate colour, almoſt black; on the ſides, the hairs are of a tawny caſt, and the tail is black; the length of the body is 17 inches, and of the tail 6.In Latin, Putorius; in Italian, Foetta, Puzolo; in German, Iltis, Ulk, Buntſing; in Poliſh, Vydra, T••…orz; in French, Le Putois.Putorius; Geſner. Hiſt. quad. p. 767. Icon. quad. p. 99. Raii Synopſ. quad. p. 199.Muſtela putorius, pedibus fiſſis, corpore flavo nigricante; ore auriculiſque albis; Lyn. Syſt. p. 67.Muſtela pilis in exortu ex cinereo albidis, calore nigricante terminatis veſtita, oris circumferentia alba; Briſſon, Regn. anim. p. 249..

    _ THE FERRETThis animal has a very ſharp noſe, red fiery eyes, and round ears; the colour of the whole body is a very pale yellow; its length is about 14 inches, and that of the tail 5; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 214.In Latin, Viverra, Furo, Furunculus; in Spaniſh, Huron, Furam; in German Frett, Frettel, Furette; in Poliſh, Laſka; in French, Le Furet.Viverra, Euro, Ictis; Geſner Hiſt. of quad. p. 762. Icon. quad. p. 101.Muſtela pilis ſubflavis longioribus, caſtaneo colore terminatis, veſtita; viverra mas. Muſtela pilis ex albo ſubflavis veſtita; viverra foemina; Briſſon, Regn. anim. p. 177.Muſtela Furo, pedibus fiſſis, oculis rubicundis; Linn. Syſt. p. 68..

    _ THE WEASELThe weaſel has ſmall rounded ears; the whole upper part of the body is of a tawny brown colour, and the under part is entirely white. It has a brown ſpot beneath the corners of the mouth. The length of its body is between ſix and ſeven inches, and of the tail two and a half.In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Muſtela; in Italian, Dennola, Ballottula, Benula; in Spaniſh, Comadreia; in German, Wiſele; in French, La Belette; in Engliſh, Weaſel, Weeſel, Foumart, Whitred.Muſtela proprie ſic dicta; Geſner. Hiſt. quad. p. 752. Icon. quad. p. 99.Muſtela vulgaris; Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 195. Klein, quad p. 62.Muſtela ſupra rutila, infra alba; Briſſon, Regn anim. p. 242.Muſtela nivalis, pedibus fiſſis, corpore albo, caudae apice vix pilis ullis nigris. Linn. Syſt. p. 69..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ THE ERMINEThe upper part of the body is of a pale tawny brown colour, the edges of the ears and ends of the toes, of a yellowiſh white; the throat, breaſt, and belly white; the end of the tail black: The length of the body is ten inches, and of the tail five and a half. In the north of Europe, this animal becomes entirely white at the approach of winter, excepting the end of the tail; and it reſumes its brown colour in the ſpring; Pennant, Synopſ. of quad. p. 212.In Latin, Hermellanus, animal Ermineum; in Italian, Armellino; in German, Hermelin; in Swediſh, Hermelin, Lekatt; in Poliſh, Gronoſtay; in French, L'Hermine, or Le Roſelet; in Engliſh, Ermine, Stoat.Muſtela alba; Geſner, quad. p. 753.Muſtela candida, ſive animal ermineum recentiorum; Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 198.Muſtela erminea, plantis fiſſis, caudae apice albo; Linn. Syſt. Nat. p. 68.Muſtela armellina; muſtela alba, extrema cauda nigra; Klein. quad. p. 63.Muſtela •ieme alba, aeſtate ſupra ratila, infra alba, cauda apice nigro; Briſſon Regn. animal. p. 243..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ The GRISON, or GRAY WEASELA new animal from Buſton's Supplement..

    _ THE SQUIRRELThe common ſquirrel has two cutting teeth in each jaw; four toes before, and five behind; a long tail, cloathed with long hair; the ears terminated in long ruſts of hair; the eyes are large, lively, and black; the head, body, legs, and tail, are of a bright reddiſh brown; the breaſt and belly are white; and the hair on each ſide of the tail lies flat; Pennant's ſynopſ. of quad. p. 279.In Greek and Latin, Sciurus; in Italian, Schirivolo, Chirivolo, Schirato, Schiratolo; in Spaniſh, Harda-eſquilo; in German, Eychorn, Eichhermlin; in Swediſh, 〈◊〉; in Poliſh, Wijervijorka; in French, L'EcureuilSciurus; Geſner Hiſt. of quad. p. 845.Sciurus vulgaris; Ray. Synopſ. quad. p. 214.Sciurus vulgaris, auriculis apice barbatis, palmis tetradactylis, plantis pentadactylis; Linn. ſyſt. p. 104.Sciurus vulgaris rubicundus; Klein. quad. p. 53.Sciurus rufus quandoque griſeo admixto; Briſſon. Regn. anim. p. 150..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ THE RATThe rat has two cutting teeth in each jaw, four toes before, five behind, and a ſlender taper tail, naked or very ſlightly haired. It is of a deep iron gray colour, nearly black; the belly is cineritious, and the legs duſky and almoſt naked. There is a claw, in place of a fifth toe, on the fore-feet. Its length is ſeven inches, and that of the tail near eight; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 299.In Greek, Mvs; in Latin, Mus major, Rattus; in Italian, Rato di caſa; in Spaniſh, Raton; in German, Ratz; in Swediſh, Rotta; in Poliſh, Sczur•z; in French, Le Rat.Mus domeſticus major, ſive rattus; Geſner. quad. p. 731. Ray, Synopſ. quad p. 217.Mus rattus, cauda elongata ſubnuda, palmis tetradactylis, cum unguiculo pollicari, plantis pentadactylis; Linn. Syſt. p. 83.Mus rattus domeſticus; Klein. quad. p. 57.Mus cauda longiſſima, obſcure cinereus; Briſſon. Regn anim. p. 168..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ THE MOUSEAn animal that needs no deſcription; when found white, it is very beautiful, the full bright eye appearing to great advantage amidſt the ſnowy fur; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 302.In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Mus, Muſculus, Sorex; in Italian, Topo, Sorice, Sorgio ai caſa; in Spaniſh, Rat; in German, Muſz; in Swediſh, Mus; in Poliſh, Myſf; in French, La Soaris.Mus domeſticus communis, vel minor; Geſner. Icon. animal. quad. p. 114.Mus domeſticus vulgaris, ſeu minor; Ray, Synopſ. animal. quad. p. 218.Mus muſculus, cauda elongata, palmis tetradactylis, plantis pentadactylis; Lyn. Syſt. p. 83.Mus minor, muſculus vulgaris domeſticus, cauda tereti longa; Klein. biſt. nat. quad. p. 57.Mus cauda longiſſima, obſcure cinereus, ventre ſubalbacente; Briſſon, Regn. anim. p. 169..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ The Long-tailed FIELD MOUSEThis animal has full black eyes; its head, back, and ſides are of a yellowiſh brown, mixed with ſome duſky hairs; the breaſt is of an ochre colour; and the belly is white: Its length, from the tip of the noſe to the tail, is four inches and a half, and that of the tail, which is ſlightly covered with hair, is four inches; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 302.Mus agreſtis major, macrouros Geſneri; Ray Synopſ. quad. p. 219.Mus cauda longa, ſupra efuſco flaveſcens, infra ex albo cinereſcens; Briſon. quad. p. 123.Mus domeſticus medius; Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 218.Mus ſylvaticus, cauda longa, palmis tetradactylis, plantis pentadactylis, corpore griſeo pilis nigris, abdomine albo; Lin. Syſt. nat. p. 84.Le Mulot; Buffon..

    _ The WATER-RATRat with a thick blunt noſe; ears hid in the fur; eyes ſmall; teeth yellow: On each foot five toes; inner toe of the ſore foot very ſmall; the firſt joint very flexible: Head and body covered with long hairs, black mixed with a few ferruginous hairs; belly of an iron gray; tail covered with ſhort black hairs, the tip whitiſh: Weight 9 ounces; length, from noſe to tail, 7 inches; tail only 5; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 301.In Latin, Mus aquaticus, Mus aquatilis; in Italian, Sorgo morgange; in German, Waſſer-muſz; in Poliſh, Myſſ-wodna; in French, Le Rat d'eau.Mus aquaticus; Geſner. Hiſt. quad. p. 732.Mus aquatilis, quadrupes Bellonii; Icon. p. 354.Mus aquaticus major, ſive rattus aquaticus; Raii ſynopſ. quad. p. 317.Mus amphibius, cauda elongata piloſa, plantis palmatis; Lynn. ſyſt. nat. p. 82.Mus rattus aquatilis; Klein. quad. p. 57.Mus cauda longa, pilis, ſupra ex nigro et flaveſcente mixtis, infra cinereis veſtitus. Mus aquaticus; Briſſon. Regn. anim. p. 175..

    _ The Short-tailed FIELD-MOUSEThis animal has a large head, a blunt noſe, ſhort ears hid in the fur, prominent eyes, and a ſhort tail: The colour of the head and upper part of the body is ferruginous, mixed with black, and the belly is of a deep aſh-colour. The length of the body, from tail to noſe, 6 inches, and that of the tail, which is thinly covered with hair, and terminated by a ſmall tuft, one inch and a half; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 305.Mus agreſtis minor; Geſner quad. p. 733. Icon. quad. p. 116.Mus agreſtis capite grandi, Brachiuros; Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 218.Mus terreſtris, cauda mediocri ſubpiloſa, palmis ſubtetradactylis, plantis pentadactylis, auriculis vellere brevioribus; Linn. Syſt. p. 82.Mus agreſtis capite grandi; Klein. quad. p. 57.Mus cauda brevi, pilis e nigricante et ſordide Iuteo mixtis in dorſo, et faturate cinereis in ventre, veſtitus.—Mus campeſtris minor; Briſſon. Regn. anim. p. 176.Campagnol, Mulat à courte queu, petit rat des champs; Buffon..

    _ THE GUINEA-PIGThe reſtleſs cavy has two cutting teeth in each jaw; generally four toes on the fore-feet, and three behind; ſhort ears, and no tail, or a very ſhort one: The upper lip is half divided; the ears are very large, broad, and rounded at the ſides: The hair is erect, and not unlike that of a young pig: The colour is white, or white variegated with orange and black, in irregular blotches; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 243.In Braſil, it is called Cavia Cobaya; in German, Indianiſch Kiinele, Indiſch Seiile, Meer ferckel, Meer-Schwein; in Swediſh, Merſwyn; in Poliſh, Swinka Zamorſka.Cavia Cobaya; Piſon. Hiſt. Nat. p. 102.Cuniculus Indus. Geſner. Icon. quad. p. 106.Mus, ſeu cuniculus Americanus et Guineenſis, porcelli pilis et voce, Cavia Cobaya Braſilienſibus dictus; Ray. Synopſ. quad. p. 223.Mus porcellus, cauda nulla. palmis tetradactylis, plantis tridactylis; Linn. Syſt. p. 79.Cavia Cobaya Braſilienſibus, quibuſdam mus Pharaonis, tatu piloſus, porcellus, mus Indicus; Klein. quad. p. 49.Cuniculus ecaudatus, auritus, albus aut ruſus, aut ex utroque variegatus; Cuniculus Indicus; Briſſon. Regn. anim. p. 147..

    _ THE HEDGE-HOGThis animal has five toes on each foot; and its body is covered with ſtrong ſhort ſpines. Its noſe is long; the noſtrils are bordered on each ſide with a looſe flap; the ears rounded, broad, and naked; the eyes ſmall; the legs ſhort, naked, and duſky; the inner toe is ſhorteſt, and the claws are weak; the upper part of the face, the ſides and rump, are covered with ſtrong coarſe hair of a yellowiſh and cinereous colour; the back with ſtrong ſhort ſpines of a whitiſh colour, with a bar of black through their middle: The tail is an inch long; and the length of the body, from tail to noſe, is ten inches; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 316.In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉 in Latin, Echinus, Herinaceus, Erinaceus, Echinus terreſtris; in Italian, Erinaceo, Riccio, Aizzo; in Spaniſh, Erizo; in Portugueſe, Ourizo, Orico cachero; in German, Igel; in Swediſh, Igelkott; in Daniſh, Pind Swin; in Poliſh, Jez, Ziennay; in Dutch, Yſeren Vereken; in French, Le Heriſſon, Eurchon.Echinus terreſtris; Geſner. quad. p. 368.Herinaceus; Geſner. Icon. quad. p. 106.Echinus ſive Erinaceus terreſtris: Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 231.Erinaceus Europeus, auriculis rotundatis, naribus criſtatis; Linn. Syſt. p. 75.Acanthion vulgaris noſtras, Herinaceus, Echinus; Klein. quad. p. 66.Erinaceus auriculis erectis; Briſſon. Regn. animal. p. 181..

    _ THE SHREW MOUSEThe ſhrew mouſe has two cutting teeth in each jaw, pointing forward, a long ſlender noſe, ſmall rounded ears, and five toes on each foot. The eyes are ſmall, and almoſt hid in the fur; the noſe is long and ſlender, the upper part being longeſt; the head and upper part of the body are of a browniſh red colour, and the belly of a dirty white. The length of the body, from tail to noſe, two inches and a half, and that of the tail one inch and a half; Pennant's ſynopſ. of quad. p. 307.In Greek 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Mus araneus, Mus caecus; in Italian, Toporagno; in Spaniſh, Murganho; in German, Müger, Spigmus, Ziſmus, Spitzmaus, Haſelmaus; in Swediſh, Nabbmus; in Poliſh, Keret; in Sileſia, Biſem-mus; among the Griſons, Muſarring; in Swiſs, Mütrer; in Savoy, Muſet, Muſette; in French, La Muſaraïgne, Muſerain, Muzeraigne, Muſet, Muſetre, Sery, Sri.Muſaraneus; Geſner. Hiſt. quad. p. 747.Mus mochias, (becauſe, when dried, it ſmells of muſk); Geſner, Icon. quad. p. 116.Muſaraneus; Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 239.Sorax araneus, cauda mediocri, corpore ſubtus albido; Linn. ſyſt. p. 74.Muſaraneus, roſtro productiore: Mus venenoſus; Klein. quad. p. 58.Muſaraneus ſupra ex fuſco rufus, infra albicans; Briſſon. Regn. anim. p. 178..

    _ The WATER SHREW, or
BLIND MOUSEThis animal has a long ſlender noſe, very minute ears, and very ſmall eyes, hid in the fur: The colour of the head and upper part of the body is black; and of the throat, breaſt, and belly, a light aſh-colour: Beneath the tail is a triangular ſpot. It is much larger than the common ſhrew, being, from noſe to tail, three and three length of the tail is two inches; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 308..

    _ THE MOLEThe mole has a long noſe and ſnout; the upper jaw much longer than the under, no external ears, fore-feet very broad, with ſcarce any apparent legs before, and hind-feet very ſmall. It has very minute eyes, hid in the fur, ſix cutting teeth in the upper, eight in the lower jaw, and two canine in each. The fore-part of the body is thick and muſcular, and the hind-part taper; the fore-feet are placed obliquely, and reſemble hands, with five toes, each terminated by ſtrong claws. The hind-feet are very ſmall, with five toes to each. The tail is ſhort, and the ſkin very tough, ſo as ſcarce to be cut through. The hair, which is ſhort, cloſe ſet, and
ſofter than the fineſt velvet, is uſually black, ſometimes ſpotted with white, and ſometimes quite white. The length of the body is five and three fourth inches, and that of the tail one; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 311.In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉 in Latin, Talpa; in Italian, Talpa; in Spaniſh, Topo; in German, Mulwerf, Maulwurf; in Swediſh, Mullvad; in Poliſh, Kret; in French, La Taupe.〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉 Galeni.Talpa; Geſner, quad. p. 931. Icon. quad. p. 116. Ray, ſynopſ. quad. p. 236.Talpa Europaeus, caudata, pedibus pentadactylis; Linn. Syſt. p. 73.Talpa noſtras, nigra communiter; Klein. quad. p. 60.Talpa caudata, nigricans, pedibus anticis et poſticis pentadactylis. Talpa vulgaris; Briſſon. Regn. amim. p. 280..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ The MOLE of the Cape of Good Hope.

    _ The PENSYLVANIA MOLE.

    _ THE BATThis animal has long extended toes to the fore-feet connected by thin broad membranes, extending to the hind-legs.—The common bat has ſhort ears, mouſe-coloured fur, tinged with red: Its length is two inches and a half, and the extent of the wings nine inches; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 371.In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉; in Latin, Veſpertilio; in Italian, Nottola, Nottula, Barbaſtello, Vilpiſtrello, Pipiſtrello Sportegliono; in German, Flaedermuſs; in Swediſh, Laderlapp; in Poliſh, Nietoperſz.Veſpertilio; Geſner. Hiſt. Avi. p. 766. Icon. Avi. p. 17. Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 243.Veſpertilio murinus, caudatus, naſo oreque ſimplici, auribus capite minoribus; Linn. Syſt p. 47.Veſpertilio vulgaris; Klein, quad p. 61.Veſpertilio murini coloris, pedibus omnibus pentadactylis, auriculis ſimplicibus. Veſpertilio major; Briſſon, Regn. onim. p. 224.

    _ THE FAT SQUIRRELSquirrel with thin naked ears; body covered with ſoft aſh-coloured hair; belly whitiſh; tail full of long hair; from noſe to tail, near ſix inches; tail four and a half; thicker in the body than the ſquirrel; Pennant's ſynopſ. of quad. p. 289.In Greek, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉 according to Geſner, 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉, according to the Grammarians; in Latin, Glis; in Italian, Galero, Gliero, Ghiro; in Spaniſh, Liron; in German, Scebens-chlafer, Gruel; in Poliſh, Sczurek; in Swiſs, Rell, Rell muſc; in French, Le Loir, Liron, Rat-Liron, Rat-veule.Glis; Geſner. hiſt. quad. p. 550. Icon. quad. p. 109. Aldrovand. quad. p. 409.Glis ſupra obſcure cinereus, infra ex albo cinereſcens; Briſſon. Regn. anim. p. 160.Sciurus glis, canus, ſubtus albidus; Linn. ſyſt, p. 87..

    _ The GARDEN SQUIRREL,
GREATER DORMOUSE, or
SLEEPERThe ſquirrel, with the eyes ſurrounded with a large ſpot of black, reaching to the baſe of the ears, and another behind the ears; head and whole body of a tawny colour; the throat and whole underſide of the body white, tinged with yellow; the tail long; the hairs at the beginning very ſhort, at the end buſhy; length, from noſe to tail, not five inches; the tail four; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 291.In Latin, Sorex; in German, Haſel-muſſ; at Dantzick, Grauwert; in Flemiſh, Slaep-rate; in Poliſh, Myſzorzechowa, Koſzatka; in French, Le Lerot.Mus avellanarum major; Geſner. quad. p. 735. Icon. quad. p. 115. Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 219.Glis ſupra obſcure cinereus, infra ex albo cineraſcens, macula ad oculos migra; Briſſon, Regn. anim. p. 161.Mus quercinus, cauda elongata piloſa, macula nigra ſuboculos; Linn. Syſt. Nat..

    _ The DORMOUSE, or SLEEPERThe ſquirrel with round naked ears; full black eyes; body of a tawny red; throat white; ſize of a mouſe, but plumper; tail two inches and a half long, and pretty hairy, eſpecially towards the end; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad.Mus avellanarum minor; Ald. quad. p. 440. Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 220.Mus avellanarius, cauda elongata piloſa, corpore rufo, gula albicante, pollicibus poſticis muticis; Lin. Syſt. p. 83.Glis ſupra rufus, infra albicans; Briſſon. Regn. anim. p. 162..

    _ THE BROWN RATRat with the head, back, and ſides, of a light brown colour, mixed with tawny and aſh-colour; breaſt and belly dirty white; feet naked, and of a dirty fleſh-colour; fore-feet furniſhed with four toes, and a claw inſtead of the fifth; length from noſe to tail nine inches; tail the ſame; weight eleven ounces; is ſtronger made than the common or black rat; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 300.Le Rat des bois. Mus cauda longiſſima, ſupra dilute fulvus, infra albicans. Mus ſylveſtris, Briſſon. Regn. anim. p. 170.Le Surmulot; Buffon..

    _ The ALPINE MARMOTMarmot with ſhort round ears, hid in the fur; cheeks large; colour of the head and upper part of the body, browniſh aſh, mixed with tawny; legs and lower part of the body, reddiſh; ſubject to vary in colour, the Poliſh marmot being much more red, and of a brighter hue; four toes before, five behind; tail pretty full of hair; length from noſe to tail about ſixteen inches, tail ſix; and body thick; Pennant's Synopſ. of quad. p. 268.In Latin, Muſ Alpinus; in Italian, Murmont, Marmota, Marmontana; in German and Swiſs, Murmelthier, Murmentle, Miſtbellerle; in Poliſh, Bobak, Swiſſcz; in French, La Marmotte.Mus Alpinus Plinii; Geſner, quad. p. 743. Icon. quad. p. 108. Ray, Synopſ. quad. p. 221.Mus marmota, cauda abbreviata ſubpiloſa, auriculis rotundis, buccis gibbis; Linn. Syſt. p. 81.Glis, Marmota Italis; Klein. quad. p. 56.Glis, pilis e fuſco et flavicante mixtis veſtitus. Marmota Alpina; Briſſon. Regn. animal. p. 165..

      * SUPPLEMENT.

    _ The MARMOT of Kamtſchatka.

    _ The MARMOT of the Cape of
Good Hope.

**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 33 **ommitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (33) : illegible (15), foreign (18)  •  @__resp__ (15) : #OXF (15)  •  @__extent__ (15) : 1 word (7), 3+ letters (2), 2+ letters (3), 1 letter (3)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|éöùëûïôàèâü°|233 246 249 235 251 239 244 224 232 226 252 176|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|General Punctuation|—•…|8212 8226 8230|
|Superscripts             and Subscripts|⁰|8304|
|Geometric Shapes|◊|9674|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__date__|2| @__when__ (1) : 2007-01 (1)|
|5.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|6.|__extent__|2||
|7.|__idno__|7| @__type__ (7) : DLPS (1), ESTC (1), DOCNO (1), TCP (1), GALEDOCNO (1), CONTENTSET (1), IMAGESETID (1)|
|8.|__langUsage__|1||
|9.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|10.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|11.|__note__|5||
|12.|__notesStmt__|1||
|13.|__p__|11||
|14.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|15.|__projectDesc__|1||
|16.|__pubPlace__|2||
|17.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|18.|__publisher__|2||
|19.|__ref__|2| @__target__ (2) : https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/ (1), http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|20.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|21.|__title__|4||
|22.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__abbr__|1||
|2.|__desc__|33||
|3.|__div__|64| @__type__ (64) : title_page (1), table_of_contents (1), errata (1), directions_to_the_binder (1), text (1), section (42), supplement (16), subsection (1)|
|4.|__figure__|77||
|5.|__g__|1944| @__ref__ (1944) : char:EOLhyphen (1944)|
|6.|__gap__|33| @__reason__ (33) : illegible (15), foreign (18)  •  @__resp__ (15) : #OXF (15)  •  @__extent__ (15) : 1 word (7), 3+ letters (2), 2+ letters (3), 1 letter (3)|
|7.|__head__|140||
|8.|__hi__|722| @__rend__ (2) : sup (2)|
|9.|__item__|136||
|10.|__list__|20||
|11.|__note__|270| @__n__ (270) : * (138), † (61), ‡ (32), ‖ (13), § (14), ** (7), †† (3), ‡‡ (2)  •  @__place__ (270) : bottom (270)|
|12.|__p__|582||
|13.|__pb__|361| @__facs__ (361) : tcp:0195500104:1 (1), tcp:0195500104:2 (1), tcp:0195500104:3 (1), tcp:0195500104:4 (1), tcp:0195500104:5 (1), tcp:0195500104:6 (1), tcp:0195500104:7 (1), tcp:0195500104:8 (1), tcp:0195500104:9 (1), tcp:0195500104:10 (1), tcp:0195500104:11 (1), tcp:0195500104:12 (1), tcp:0195500104:13 (1), tcp:0195500104:14 (1), tcp:0195500104:15 (1), tcp:0195500104:16 (1), tcp:0195500104:17 (1), tcp:0195500104:18 (1), tcp:0195500104:19 (1), tcp:0195500104:20 (1), tcp:0195500104:21 (1), tcp:0195500104:22 (1), tcp:0195500104:23 (1), tcp:0195500104:24 (1), tcp:0195500104:25 (1), tcp:0195500104:26 (1), tcp:0195500104:27 (1), tcp:0195500104:28 (1), tcp:0195500104:29 (1), tcp:0195500104:30 (1), tcp:0195500104:31 (1), tcp:0195500104:32 (1), tcp:0195500104:33 (1), tcp:0195500104:34 (1), tcp:0195500104:35 (1), tcp:0195500104:36 (1), tcp:0195500104:37 (1), tcp:0195500104:38 (1), tcp:0195500104:39 (1), tcp:0195500104:40 (1), tcp:0195500104:41 (1), tcp:0195500104:42 (1), tcp:0195500104:43 (1), tcp:0195500104:44 (1), tcp:0195500104:45 (1), tcp:0195500104:46 (1), tcp:0195500104:47 (1), tcp:0195500104:48 (1), tcp:0195500104:49 (1), tcp:0195500104:50 (1), tcp:0195500104:51 (1), tcp:0195500104:52 (1), tcp:0195500104:53 (1), tcp:0195500104:54 (1), tcp:0195500104:77 (1), tcp:0195500104:78 (1), tcp:0195500104:79 (1), tcp:0195500104:80 (1), tcp:0195500104:81 (1), tcp:0195500104:82 (1), tcp:0195500104:83 (1), tcp:0195500104:84 (1), tcp:0195500104:85 (1), tcp:0195500104:86 (1), tcp:0195500104:87 (1), tcp:0195500104:88 (1), tcp:0195500104:89 (1), tcp:0195500104:90 (1), tcp:0195500104:91 (1), tcp:0195500104:92 (1), tcp:0195500104:99 (1), tcp:0195500104:100 (1), tcp:0195500104:101 (1), tcp:0195500104:102 (1), tcp:0195500104:103 (1), tcp:0195500104:104 (1), tcp:0195500104:105 (1), tcp:0195500104:106 (1), tcp:0195500104:107 (1), tcp:0195500104:108 (1), tcp:0195500104:109 (1), tcp:0195500104:110 (1), tcp:0195500104:111 (1), tcp:0195500104:112 (1), tcp:0195500104:113 (1), tcp:0195500104:114 (1), tcp:0195500104:115 (1), tcp:0195500104:116 (1), tcp:0195500104:117 (1), tcp:0195500104:118 (1), tcp:0195500104:119 (1), tcp:0195500104:120 (1), tcp:0195500104:121 (1), tcp:0195500104:122 (1), tcp:0195500104:123 (1), tcp:0195500104:124 (1), tcp:0195500104:125 (1), tcp:0195500104:126 (1), tcp:0195500104:127 (1), tcp:0195500104:128 (1), tcp:0195500104:129 (1), tcp:0195500104:130 (1), tcp:0195500104:131 (1), tcp:0195500104:132 (1), tcp:0195500104:133 (1), tcp:0195500104:134 (1), tcp:0195500104:135 (1), tcp:0195500104:136 (1), tcp:0195500104:137 (1), tcp:0195500104:138 (1), tcp:0195500104:139 (1), tcp:0195500104:140 (1), tcp:0195500104:141 (1), tcp:0195500104:142 (1), tcp:0195500104:143 (1), tcp:0195500104:144 (1), tcp:0195500104:145 (1), tcp:0195500104:150 (1), tcp:0195500104:151 (1), tcp:0195500104:152 (1), tcp:0195500104:153 (1), tcp:0195500104:154 (1), tcp:0195500104:155 (1), tcp:0195500104:159 (1), tcp:0195500104:160 (1), tcp:0195500104:161 (1), tcp:0195500104:162 (1), tcp:0195500104:163 (1), tcp:0195500104:164 (1), tcp:0195500104:165 (1), tcp:0195500104:166 (1), tcp:0195500104:167 (1), tcp:0195500104:168 (1), tcp:0195500104:169 (1), tcp:0195500104:170 (1), tcp:0195500104:171 (1), tcp:0195500104:172 (1), tcp:0195500104:173 (1), tcp:0195500104:174 (1), tcp:0195500104:175 (1), tcp:0195500104:178 (1), tcp:0195500104:179 (1), tcp:0195500104:180 (1), tcp:0195500104:181 (1), tcp:0195500104:182 (1), tcp:0195500104:183 (1), tcp:0195500104:184 (1), tcp:0195500104:185 (1), tcp:0195500104:186 (1), tcp:0195500104:187 (1), tcp:0195500104:188 (1), tcp:0195500104:189 (1), tcp:0195500104:190 (1), tcp:0195500104:191 (1), tcp:0195500104:192 (1), tcp:0195500104:193 (1), tcp:0195500104:194 (1), tcp:0195500104:195 (1), tcp:0195500104:197 (1), tcp:0195500104:198 (1), tcp:0195500104:199 (1), tcp:0195500104:200 (1), tcp:0195500104:201 (1), tcp:0195500104:202 (1), tcp:0195500104:203 (1), tcp:0195500104:204 (1), tcp:0195500104:211 (1), tcp:0195500104:212 (1), tcp:0195500104:213 (1), tcp:0195500104:214 (1), tcp:0195500104:215 (1), tcp:0195500104:216 (1), tcp:0195500104:217 (1), tcp:0195500104:218 (1), tcp:0195500104:219 (1), tcp:0195500104:220 (1), tcp:0195500104:221 (1), tcp:0195500104:222 (1), tcp:0195500104:223 (1), tcp:0195500104:224 (1), tcp:0195500104:225 (1), tcp:0195500104:226 (1), tcp:0195500104:227 (1), tcp:0195500104:228 (1), tcp:0195500104:229 (1), tcp:0195500104:230 (1), tcp:0195500104:231 (1), tcp:0195500104:232 (1), tcp:0195500104:233 (1), tcp:0195500104:234 (1), tcp:0195500104:235 (1), tcp:0195500104:236 (1), tcp:0195500104:237 (1), tcp:0195500104:238 (1), tcp:0195500104:239 (1), tcp:0195500104:240 (1), tcp:0195500104:241 (1), tcp:0195500104:242 (1), tcp:0195500104:243 (1), tcp:0195500104:244 (1), tcp:0195500104:245 (1), tcp:0195500104:246 (1), tcp:0195500104:247 (1), tcp:0195500104:248 (1), tcp:0195500104:249 (1), tcp:0195500104:250 (1), tcp:0195500104:251 (1), tcp:0195500104:252 (1), tcp:0195500104:253 (1), tcp:0195500104:254 (1), tcp:0195500104:255 (1), tcp:0195500104:256 (1), tcp:0195500104:257 (1), tcp:0195500104:258 (1), tcp:0195500104:259 (1), tcp:0195500104:260 (1), tcp:0195500104:261 (1), tcp:0195500104:262 (1), tcp:0195500104:263 (1), tcp:0195500104:264 (1), tcp:0195500104:265 (1), tcp:0195500104:266 (1), tcp:0195500104:267 (1), tcp:0195500104:268 (1), tcp:0195500104:269 (1), tcp:0195500104:270 (1), tcp:0195500104:271 (1), tcp:0195500104:272 (1), tcp:0195500104:273 (1), tcp:0195500104:276 (1), tcp:0195500104:277 (1), tcp:0195500104:278 (1), tcp:0195500104:279 (1), tcp:0195500104:283 (1), tcp:0195500104:284 (1), tcp:0195500104:285 (1), tcp:0195500104:286 (1), tcp:0195500104:287 (1), tcp:0195500104:288 (1), tcp:0195500104:289 (1), tcp:0195500104:292 (1), tcp:0195500104:293 (1), tcp:0195500104:294 (1), tcp:0195500104:295 (1), tcp:0195500104:296 (1), tcp:0195500104:297 (1), tcp:0195500104:301 (1), tcp:0195500104:302 (1), tcp:0195500104:303 (1), tcp:0195500104:304 (1), tcp:0195500104:307 (1), tcp:0195500104:310 (1), tcp:0195500104:311 (1), tcp:0195500104:312 (1), tcp:0195500104:313 (1), tcp:0195500104:314 (1), tcp:0195500104:317 (1), tcp:0195500104:318 (1), tcp:0195500104:319 (1), tcp:0195500104:320 (1), tcp:0195500104:321 (1), tcp:0195500104:322 (1), tcp:0195500104:323 (1), tcp:0195500104:324 (1), tcp:0195500104:325 (1), tcp:0195500104:326 (1), tcp:0195500104:327 (1), tcp:0195500104:328 (1), tcp:0195500104:331 (1), tcp:0195500104:332 (1), tcp:0195500104:333 (1), tcp:0195500104:334 (1), tcp:0195500104:335 (1), tcp:0195500104:336 (1), tcp:0195500104:337 (1), tcp:0195500104:339 (1), tcp:0195500104:340 (1), tcp:0195500104:341 (1), tcp:0195500104:342 (1), tcp:0195500104:343 (1), tcp:0195500104:344 (1), tcp:0195500104:345 (1), tcp:0195500104:346 (1), tcp:0195500104:347 (1), tcp:0195500104:348 (1), tcp:0195500104:349 (1), tcp:0195500104:350 (1), tcp:0195500104:351 (1), tcp:0195500104:352 (1), tcp:0195500104:353 (1), tcp:0195500104:354 (1), tcp:0195500104:355 (1), tcp:0195500104:356 (1), tcp:0195500104:357 (1), tcp:0195500104:358 (1), tcp:0195500104:359 (1), tcp:0195500104:360 (1), tcp:0195500104:361 (1), tcp:0195500104:362 (1), tcp:0195500104:363 (1), tcp:0195500104:364 (1), tcp:0195500104:365 (1), tcp:0195500104:366 (1), tcp:0195500104:367 (1), tcp:0195500104:368 (1), tcp:0195500104:369 (1), tcp:0195500104:370 (1), tcp:0195500104:371 (1), tcp:0195500104:372 (1), tcp:0195500104:374 (1), tcp:0195500104:375 (1), tcp:0195500104:376 (1), tcp:0195500104:377 (1), tcp:0195500104:378 (1), tcp:0195500104:379 (1), tcp:0195500104:380 (1), tcp:0195500104:381 (1), tcp:0195500104:382 (1), tcp:0195500104:383 (1), tcp:0195500104:384 (1), tcp:0195500104:387 (1), tcp:0195500104:388 (1), tcp:0195500104:389 (1), tcp:0195500104:390 (1), tcp:0195500104:391 (1), tcp:0195500104:392 (1), tcp:0195500104:393 (1), tcp:0195500104:394 (1), tcp:0195500104:395 (1), tcp:0195500104:396 (1), tcp:0195500104:402 (1), tcp:0195500104:403 (1), tcp:0195500104:404 (1), tcp:0195500104:405 (1), tcp:0195500104:406 (1), tcp:0195500104:407 (1), tcp:0195500104:408 (1), tcp:0195500104:409 (1), tcp:0195500104:410 (1), tcp:0195500104:411 (1), tcp:0195500104:412 (1), tcp:0195500104:413 (1), tcp:0195500104:414 (1), tcp:0195500104:415 (1), tcp:0195500104:416 (1), tcp:0195500104:417 (1), tcp:0195500104:419 (1), tcp:0195500104:420 (1), tcp:0195500104:421 (1), tcp:0195500104:422 (1), tcp:0195500104:423 (1), tcp:0195500104:424 (1), tcp:0195500104:425 (1), tcp:0195500104:426 (1), tcp:0195500104:427 (1), tcp:0195500104:428 (1), tcp:0195500104:429 (1), tcp:0195500104:430 (1), tcp:0195500104:431 (1), tcp:0195500104:432 (2)  •  @__n__ (307) : iv (1), v (1), vii (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 110 (1), 111 (1), 112 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 125 (1), 126 (1), 127 (1), 128 (1), 129 (1), 130 (1), 131 (1), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (1), 141 (1), 142 (1), 143 (1), 144 (1), 145 (1), 146 (1), 147 (1), 148 (1), 149 (1), 150 (1), 151 (1), 152 (1), 153 (1), 154 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (1), 165 (1), 166 (1), 167 (1), 168 (1), 169 (1), 170 (1), 171 (1), 172 (1), 173 (1), 174 (1), 175 (1), 176 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 184 (1), 185 (1), 186 (1), 187 (1), 188 (1), 189 (1), 190 (1), 191 (1), 192 (1), 193 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 200 (1), 201 (1), 202 (1), 203 (1), 204 (1), 205 (1), 206 (1), 207 (1), 208 (1), 209 (1), 210 (1), 211 (1), 213 (1), 215 (1), 216 (1), 217 (1), 218 (1), 219 (1), 220 (1), 221 (1), 222 (1), 223 (1), 224 (1), 227 (1), 228 (1), 229 (1), 233 (1), 234 (1), 235 (1), 236 (1), 237 (1), 238 (1), 240 (1), 241 (1), 242 (1), 243 (1), 244 (1), 246 (1), 247 (1), 250 (1), 253 (1), 254 (1), 255 (1), 256 (1), 258 (1), 259 (1), 260 (1), 261 (1), 263 (1), 264 (1), 265 (1), 269 (1), 270 (1), 271 (1), 272 (1), 273 (1), 274 (1), 276 (1), 277 (1), 278 (1), 279 (1), 280 (1), 281 (1), 283 (1), 284 (1), 286 (1), 287 (1), 288 (1), 289 (1), 291 (1), 292 (1), 294 (1), 295 (1), 297 (1), 230 (1), 299 (1), 301 (1), 302 (1), 303 (1), 304 (1), 306 (1), 307 (1), 310 (1), 311 (1), 312 (1), 313 (1), 314 (1), 315 (1), 318 (1), 319 (1), 320 (1), 321 (1), 322 (1), 323 (1), 324 (1), 326 (1), 327 (1), 328 (1), 329 (1), 330 (1), 331 (1), 333 (1), 335 (1), 337 (1), 338 (1), 340 (1), 341 (1), 342 (1), 343 (1), 344 (1), 345 (1), 346 (1), 347 (1), 349 (1), 350 (1), 351 (1), 352 (2)|
|14.|__trailer__|1||
